Extend scs-0003: more context and process (resolves issues/#343) (#329)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0003-v1-sovereign-cloud-standards-yaml.md

The [Sovereign Cloud Stack (SCS)](https://scs.community) provides standards for a range of cloud infrastructure types.
It strives for interoperable and sovereign cloud offerings which can be deployed and used by a wide range of organizations and individuals.

SCS plans to offer six types of certificates, which are sorted into two dimensions:

1. _certification level_, of which there are three:
   - SCS-compatible
   - SCS-open
   - SCS-sovereign
2. _cloud layer_, of which there are two:
   - infastructure as a service (IaaS)

>    - Kubernetes as a service (KaaS)

Reviewer: I think we need a decision on how to call this layer and implement it everywhere. The team is currently called `Team Container` and often CaaS is preferred over KaaS, as it doesn't only hold Kubernetes.

Author: Yes, let's talk about that in the SIG meeting on 2023-08-24. As of right now, `kaas` is the term used in the yaml and this document, and I stuck to it.

In addition, a certificate of a certain type may only be issued if some other certificate is already held.
Case in point: the certification levels are meant to be seen as a progression, where the upper levels build on the lower ones, and
the certificate for "SCS-open IaaS" will only be issued if a certificate for "SCS-compatible IaaS" is already held.
We say that the latter certificate is a _prerequisite_ of the former.

Naturally, as the state of the art progresses, so do our certificates. We keep track of the changes by means of versioning.
That is to say that each certificate type can come in several versions, each one of them having its distinct timespan when it is in effect.
For instance, we might have

- SCS-compatible IaaS v1, effective 2021-01-01 through 2023-10-31
- SCS-compatible IaaS v2, effective 2023-03-23 through 2023-11-30

and so on (but usually, we aim to keep at most two versions in effect, with an overlap of 4 to 6 weeks).

This decision record describes two main points:

1. How we denote our certificate types by means of a YAML file.
2. Our process for constructing and progressing the certificate types.

## Motivation

> This decision record establishes a mechanism (by means of the YAML file) with the following three main objectives:

Reviewer 2: Isn't this of type `Procedural` and not of `Decision Record`?

```suggestion
This standard establishes a mechanism (by means of the YAML file) with the following three main objectives:
```

Author: The verbiage in question didn't stem from me. Anyway, following your argumentation, we should change "decision record" into "procedural", right? However, I suppose "decision record" could be construed as a kind of general term (a superset) that includes Standards, Procedurals, and any other document. From this point of view, every standard is a decision record, but not every decision record is a standard. If we expressly designate a document as "decision record" in the header, then this mostly means that it doesn't fit into any of the subcategories. Just one way of looking at it.
